[omatic] Initial contribution (#9286)
openhab/openhab-addons: bundles/org.openhab.binding.omatic/README.md

# State O-Matic Binding
The State O-Matic Binding will enable you to monitor electrical devices such as

> washing machine, dryer , dishwasher, electrical car charging and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
washing machine, dryer, dishwasher, electrical car charging and so on.
```

The component is generic and any type of equipment can be monitored as long as
it is possible to read its power consumption.

Examples of usage: 
- Monitor your electric car. Once the car has finished charging, you will get notified about the cost, consumption and time it took.
- Monitor your dishwasher, dryer or washing machine. Once they are finished you will get notified about the cost, consumption and time it took.
- Send info when the power consumption is above a certain limit for a device.

> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/seaside1/omatic/master/image/omatic.jpg" width=200 />

Reviewer: You could include images in the `doc/` folder of this binding.

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/openhab/openhab-addons/pull/9286/commits/ebd0ae674be0e8107722de21ba936c75db3d6f20

> Please take a look at ThomDietrich post in OpenHAB forums about monitoring your washingmachine https://community.openhab.org/t/washing-machine-state-machine/15587

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please take a look at ThomDietrich's [post](https://community.openhab.org/t/washing-machine-state-machine/15587) in the openHAB forum about monitoring your washing machine.
```
